capital = 1056

oob = "ANR_1936"

set_research_slots = 2

# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_military_police = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_trucks = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	mass_assault = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		early_fighter = 1
		fighter1 = 1
		early_bomber = 1
		strategic_bomber1 = 1
		naval_bomber1 = 1
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		NOT = { has_dlc = "No Step Back" }
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank = 1
		basic_light_tank = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	set_technology = {
		gwtank_chassis = 1
		basic_light_tank_chassis = 1
	}
}


    add_political_power = 250
	add_command_power = 50
	set_convoys = 10
	set_manpower = 40000

set_popularities = {
	democratic = 1
	fascism = 1
	communism = 1
	neutrality = 97
}

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}

 # potom = {        } #

add_ideas = {
	Anarhiya_mama
	Duh_Makhna
	
}



recruit_character = ANR_Yevhen_Anhel_1
recruit_character = ANR_Vsevolod_Volin
recruit_character = ANR_Viktor_Bilash
recruit_character = ANR_Dmytro_Popov
recruit_character = ANR_Fedir_Artemenko
recruit_character = ANR_Filip_Krat
recruit_character = ANR_Foma_Kozhyn
recruit_character = ANR_Georg_Vedrenko
recruit_character = ANR_Leontyi_Hrystovskyi
recruit_character = ANR_Levko_Zadov
recruit_character = ANR_Marusya_Nikiforova
recruit_character = ANR_Oleksandr_Antonov
recruit_character = ANR_Oleksandr_Taranovskyi_1
recruit_character = ANR_Oleksyi_Chubenko
recruit_character = ANR_Pavlo_Petrenko_Platonov
recruit_character = ANR_Petro_Arshynov
recruit_character = ANR_Semen_Karetnyk
recruit_character = ANR_Stepan_Petrychenko
recruit_character = ANR_Svyryd_Kotsur
recruit_character = ANR_Vasyl_Kurylenko_1
